FastStore: Enabling URL redirects (experimental feature) (#2096)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/faststore/docs/routing/managing-urls-with-redirects-and-rewrite-paths.mdx

FastStore allows you to configure redirects through the [`discovery.config.js`](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/project-structure-config-options) file. This configuration is based on [Next.js redirects](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/api-reference/next-config-js/redirects).

> > ⚠️ Projects hosted on Vercel have redirect limits, such as a maximum of 1,024 redirects in the array and a maximum string length of 4,096 for `source` and `destination` parameters. (For details, see the Vercel [Redirects](https://vercel.com/docs/edge-network/redirects#configuration) article). If you need to configure more than 1,024 redirects, see the [(Experimental) Enabling redirects using the `enableRedirects` flag](#experimental-enabling-redirects-using-the-enableredirects-flag) section for an alternative workflow.

Author: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ Projects hosted on Vercel have redirect limits, such as a maximum of 1,024 redirects in the array and a maximum string length of 4,096 for `source` and `destination` parameters. (For details, see the Vercel [Redirects](https://vercel.com/docs/edge-network/redirects#configuration) article). If you need to configure more than 1,024 redirects, see the [(Beta) Enabling redirects using the `enableRedirects` flag](#beta-enabling-redirects-using-the-enableredirects-flag) section for an alternative workflow.
```

    | `destination` | New URL to which users will be sent. Here, `/about` is the destination for users coming from `/office`. |
    | `permanent` | The type of redirect. Set to `true` for a permanent (308 status code) redirect, which search engines will cache. Set to `false` for a temporary (307 status code) redirect. |

    > ℹ️ For more information about each property, refer to the [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/api-reference/next-config-js/redirects) documentation.

4. Run `yarn dev`  to start your project in development mode.
5. Open a browser and go to the old URL (e.g., `/office`). If the redirect is set up correctly, you should be automatically redirected to the new URL (e.g., `/about`).

> ## (Experimental) Enabling redirects using the `enableRedirects` flag
> 
> For projects requiring more than 1,024 redirects, you can enable the `enableRedirects` flag in the `discovery.config.js` file. This flag lets you manage redirects through the [Redirects](https://help.vtex.com/tutorial/managing-url-redirects) feature in the VTEX Admin.
> 
> > ⚠️ This workflow, which uses both a code configuration and the [Redirects](https://help.vtex.com/tutorial/managing-url-redirects) interface, is currently experimental.
> 
> 1. Update your FastStore project to version `3.2.0` or higher. To do this, open your project in a code editor.
> 
> 2. Open a terminal and run the following command to update the FastStore packages to the latest version:
>     
>     ```bash
>     yarn upgrade -L --scope @faststore
>     ```
> 
> 3. With your FastStore project open, navigate to the `discovery.config.js` file in the project directory.
> 4. Within the `experimental` section, add `enableRedirects: true` to enable the redirects feature in the project, for example:
> 
>     ```js discovery.config.js mark=5
>     …
>     experimental: {
>         ...
>         enableRedirects: true,
>     },
>     …
>     ```
> 
> 5. Run `yarn dev` to check for and address any errors before deploying this change to production.
> 6. Create a new branch and open a pull request to deploy the changes made in the `discovery.config.js` file to production.
> 
> Once the change is live, you can manage the store's redirects in VTEX Admin by following the instructions in [Managing URL redirects](https://help.vtex.com/tutorial/managing-url-redirects--3UJuFrU8imSVWg134mkvJV).
> 

Author: ```suggestion
## (Beta) Enabling redirects using the `enableRedirects` flag

For projects requiring more than 1,024 redirects, you can enable the `enableRedirects` flag in the `discovery.config.js` file. This flag lets you manage redirects through the [Redirects](https://help.vtex.com/tutorial/managing-url-redirects) feature in the VTEX Admin.

> ⚠️ This workflow, which uses both a code configuration and the [Redirects](https://help.vtex.com/tutorial/managing-url-redirects) interface, is currently in beta.

1. Update your FastStore project to version `3.2.0` or higher. To do this, open your project in a code editor.

2. Open a terminal and run the following command to update the FastStore packages to the latest version:
    
    ```bash
    yarn upgrade -L --scope @faststore
    ```

3. With your FastStore project open, navigate to the `discovery.config.js` file in the project directory.
4. Within the `experimental` section, add `enableRedirects: true` to enable the redirects feature in the project, for example:

    ```js discovery.config.js mark=5
    …
    experimental: {
        ...
        enableRedirects: true,
    },
    …
    ```

5. Run `yarn dev` to check for and address any errors before deploying this change to production.
6. Create a new branch and open a pull request to deploy the changes made in the `discovery.config.js` file to production.

Once the change is live, you can manage the store's redirects in VTEX Admin by following the instructions in [Managing URL redirects](https://help.vtex.com/tutorial/managing-url-redirects--3UJuFrU8imSVWg134mkvJV).

```
